In order to launch the turtle swim package,
you must first ensure that all of the ROS environment variables have been set correctly.
Each ROS distribution provides a handy script
specifically for this purpose called setup.bash.
The script is in the OPT ROS kinetic directory.
You can run it with the bash command source.
Among other things, the environment variables,
Delta bash shell where ROS commands and packages can be found.
One simple way to determine if the environment variables have been set,
is to use the bash tab completion feature.
Typing ROS followed by double tapping the tab key,
gave us an extensive list of all the commands beginning with the characters ROS.
This list would be much shorter had we not source ros setup.bash.
Later on in this module,
will become more familiar with some of the commands listed here.
Having to source the ros setup.bash script for each new terminal you open,
is quickly going to become painful.
To combat the monogamy,
we added the command for you in the bashrc file.
Bashrc is a shell script that automatically runs whenever you start the bash session.
Since this workspace uses bash as its default shell,
it starts a new bash session and runs the bashrc file every time you open a new terminal.
That's it for setting up your environment,
you're now ready to run the turtle swim.